Initial AIP governance (#115)
aip-dev/aip.dev: GOVERNANCE.md

> # API Improvement Proposals: Project Charter

Reviewer: Please make sure this auto-formats with prettier to match the rest of the repository. (Additionally we should add CI to block if that isn't done).

2. To support this aim, the project provides and maintains tools that enrich the experience of developing and using APIs that conform to the project's design guidelines by generating artifacts such as client libraries and documentation.

## Article II: Association

1. The AIP project is a project of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. As such, it accepts the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).

## Article III: Steering Committee

1. The AIP project shall be governed by a steering committee, comprising at least five representatives from at least five distinct organizations.
2. No more than 25% of the committee shall represent or be employed by the same organization.
    1. In the event that ambiguities arise regarding what constitutes "the same organization," a vote of the committee shall decide. Any members from the organizations under consideration may deliberate, but shall recuse themselves from the vote.
3. Membership on the steering committee shall be by invitation of the current steering committee. The steering committee shall meet at least once annually to consider the addition, removal, or replacement of members.

> 4. The members of the steering committee shall be maintained in a MAINTAINERS.md file in the [primary AIP GitHub repository](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip).

Author: So a sub-bullet to 1 that says there's no limit to number of maintainers are involved in this project? @earth2marsh  @lukesneeringer ?

> 4. The members of the steering committee shall be maintained in a MAINTAINERS.md file in the [primary AIP GitHub repository](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip).

Reviewer 2: I think we should probably have a section that says we can vote maintainers in similar to steering committee members, but they are separate rolls with maintainers specifically responsible for merging and review code in the aip-dev code repositories.

> 4. The members of the steering committee shall be maintained in a MAINTAINERS.md file in the [primary AIP GitHub repository](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip).

Author: I just committed another provision for maintainers

5. Steering committee members accept the following responsibilities:
    1. Ownership of the charter, vision, and direction of the AIP project.
    2. Regular attendance and participation at stated committee meetings.
    3. Contribution of design guidance or code as appropriate, and reviewing the contributions of others.
6. Steering committee members who are unable or unwilling to continue to perform the responsibilities described above may voluntarily step down from the committee or may be removed from the steering committee without prejudice. Former committee members will be designated as "emeritus" in the maintainers list.

> 7. The steering committe can vote in additional maintainers who would be specifically responsible for merging and reviewing code in the aip-dev code repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The steering committee may appoint additional maintainers, to whom it may delegate tasks as necessary.
```

## Article IV: Source of Truth

1. The AIP GitHub repositories are the source of truth for everything in the project, including both code and guidelines.

## Article V: Meetings & Voting

1. The steering committee shall hold a regular meeting on a cadence of its choosing, and shall keep minutes of said meetings in a GitHub repository set aside for that purpose, which shall be accessible by all steering committee members.
    1. Meetings and minutes may be public or private, at the discretion of the steering committee.
2. The steering committee ordinarily operates by consensus, and recording votes for each decision is not required (but the decision should be recorded in the minutes).

> 3. In the event that a vote is required, an email shall be sent to each steering committee explaining the issue in question and allowing at least 10 business days for voting. The specifics of how elections are handled are at the discretion of the steering committee.

Author: Updated wording to say when possible use Github issues as I can imagine some cases where the voting is done in the meeting note google doc that's publicly available

> 3. In the event that a vote is required, an email shall be sent to each steering committee explaining the issue in question and allowing at least 10 business days for voting. The specifics of how elections are handled are at the discretion of the steering committee.

Reviewer 2: thank you!

# API Improvement Proposals: Project Charter

## Article I: Purpose

1. The API Improvement Proposals (AIP) project exists to help developers and
   organizations build clear, consistent network APIs and clients by providing
   an extensible set of design guidelines (AIPs) and an ecosystem of tools to
   apply those rules in practice.
2. To support this aim, the project provides and maintains tools that enrich
   the experience of developing and using APIs that conform to the project's
   design guidelines by generating artifacts such as client libraries and
   documentation.

## Article II: Association

1. The AIP project is a project of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. As
   such, it accepts the
   [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).

## Article III: Steering Committee

1. The AIP project shall be governed by a steering committee, comprising at
   least five representatives from at least five distinct organizations.

> 2. No more than 25% of the committee shall represent or be employed by the same

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. No more than 1/3 of the committee shall represent or be employed by the same
```
